hey youtubers house again when this is
blood seek and i am bringing my new
series the advice series might give you
advice on day-to-day problems now
today's device is how to get your
parents till you play more video games
and let you stay up longer to play more
video games now this is a problem i come
across a lot because buck ten o'clock my
time parents are coming to a kids
bedrooms like get off and kid starts
arguing but i have a perfect solution to
this problem now this and is like a
rated r series so a little young you may
not want to hear these things or if
you're using a family computer you may
not want your parents to hear these
things so it's X out the video before
you do give me a thumbs up and subscribe
alright guys so that's what you do when
it's ten o'clock rolls around and your
mom comes in like son boy get off the
Xbox and go to bed be like stop crying a
little and be like oh my can't please
don't and should i get off and they'd be
like mom if I do I don't know do and she
like why honey and be like i think i'm
gay and these video games make me less
gay they take away those gay thoughts
and your mom would be like oh well you
play all the video games you want but if
you're moms like my mom should be like i
do not give two shits if you're gay or
asian i want you to go to bed well don't
worry I have a plan for that too the
next go to bed and the next day what you
need to do is go find the biggest
homosexual you can find in your school I
mean flaming gay all right you find them
and you invite them over and when you
get home
just you know do your thing talk hang
out and then when you know your parents
get home take off your clothes and line
them up like them like I to take off the
clothes from the front door where they
come in on the garage door to your
bedroom line them up shoes socks both
your clothes few socks t-shirts at the
very end or pan box with no box at the
very end and they'll follow this tree on
the open your door and when they open
any door what you want to do let's have
the gay guys caught in your mouth all
right that's what you need to do trust
me it will work and no bike why are you
doing this give this mom you pup the
puppy dog eyes and back mom see I play
video games last night will be doing
this right now I wouldn't have those
thoughts your mama be like sound you can
go play some video games and gay boy get
the fuck out of here exactly how your
mom be like and you know what if she
goes you know what I don't care if
you're gay it's not going to work you're
not going to play more video games or
have a plan for that too now what you
need to do is go and find the second
most homosexual guy in your school then
I hope copper stole my kill all right
then you go find the most homosexual guy
in this quarter the second most you can
have both of them you get him and you
invite them over you the same thing you
leave the trail close to your bedroom
you have the UM the small cock in your
mouth and whoever has the biggest cock
have them shove it up your ass because
this will really prove that you're gay
and when your mom walks in should be
like what the fuck's going on and you
tell the same thing moment see what you
I'm maybe gay don't you back okay son go
in there and start playing video games
in here take a hand help with new right
school and when you have those gay
thoughts pull out your gameboy in PSP
two and GP in what is called play that
yeah look like hell yeah get all the
video games you can stay up late you to
play more video games all the damn time
should never be complaining because what
she does Blake one of our efforts doing
today that's what you got to do and some
people may ask well why can't the gag I
have my cock in his mouth or the reason
why is because technically you even
though he's giving you head meetings
pretend that's a woman we have a cock in
your mouth you can't pretend that's a
woman look a very strange dude so you
have to have his cock in your mouth same
goes for the guy that has to pick up his
ass because I mean you can check your
dick up a chick's ass and you pretend to
trick but you can't have a dick of the
rasim tins trick or you almost just as
weird so you have to do it that way I'm
sorry but you have to do it that way it
takes a little sacrifice but you can do
it now I also wanted to mention a few of
the things like this thing would work
very very well could count a very
religious because you know they hate
gays so they've like oh shit first thing
you said I'm a piguet they would let you
fill out the video games you want and
blow it you know if your parents are
less religion or support gay people then
you might have to work harder because
you know you can actually still love you
forgetting but today they probably don't
I mean like um doesn't like Sun flaming
homo but then you might have to rock a
little hard harder it's a parent's I
guess you know the less religious all
right guys know I guess I'm gonna talk
like this game a bit um i'm using my
stuff class I'm always using my stuff
for house ghost spy what people say dose
is a get Brooke to have some people say
it's new but
to me there's a sucky people that don't
know how to predict the enemy when they
have a spy plane up they let the guard
down and yeah so yeah no reason to
listen to them alright guys this is
blood seek I am out I'm went thirty two
and three and i hope you liked my save i
advise series you did great give me a
thumbs up comment and tell me you like
it all these aren't going to be so
homosexual I guess but I'm I'm trying to
come up with a buy some be serious some
won't yada yada yada I made another
video on it a long time ago go check
that out I remember the name of it like
bringing new advice series check that
out and yeah room please subscribe
comment and give me a thumbs up